The first part of any sales
interaction is the approach.
If you spend your entire shift behind
the counter, you'll occasionally sell some
accessories or look into a
device sale here and there.
But if you really want to make sales
and earn the commission for those sales,
you'll need to get out from behind
the counter and seek out
customers you can engage.
The approach you use will depend
on a couple of things,
what sales style you're comfortable
with and where you find the customer.
In this lesson segment, we'll
look at a few different approaches you
can use and how these two factors play
into selecting your approach so you can
successfully engage customers
in wireless conversations.